let's have a good look at him hey watch
my light where's it going where's it
going
take happy boy look at his hands oh he's
got pretty big feet feet are getting
bigger he gets really big feet I can
advise him hmm I'm an expert on for to
find big shoes get free advice on that
well I advised him not to get them quite
as big as mine that's like 15 Wow the
Drake but it's gotten a lot easier the
Internet age has helped out in the shul
area I ordered a pair of shoes on
Tuesday and they showed up on my door
and Wednesday actually it's pretty
amazing good yeah he's just a pretty
good natured kid it looks like generally
you know not not getting overexcited
about any of it
that we're doing here it's willing to
put up with what we need to do as check
out coats like two years no good
let's it off I want to see how you're
holding up your head oh really well it
was a pretty big noggin you got to work
to hold up that big noggin act all right
good so he did okay with his shots the
first time I assume all right he
pretends be shot at the hospital or not
you remember
mmm no all right that means you'll need
a second one today and a third well I
don't think I have a record of one I
don't so you'll get the same just to go